feat(docs): Add official documentation for the plugin (#268)
grafana/grafana-pathfinder-app: docs/sources/administrators-reference/_index.md

## Configuration options

The plugin page contains several tabs that control different aspects of the Interactive learning plugin.

### Recommendations

The recommender service provides personalized documentation recommendations based on your current context in Grafana.
When disabled, Interactive learning only displays bundled examples and static recommendations.

**To enable the recommender service:**

1. Review the data usage information to understand what data is collected and how it's used.
2. Toggle **Enable context-aware recommendations** to enable the service.
3. Click **Save settings**.

When you enable the recommender service, Interactive learning sends contextual data to Grafana's hosted recommendation service.
The service uses this data to provide personalized documentation recommendations.
For more information about data collection and privacy, refer to the data usage details in the configuration page and the [Architecture](/docs/grafana/latest/pathfinder/architecture/) documentation.

{{< admonition type="note" >}}
The recommender service is enabled by default for Grafana Cloud instances.

> For open source Grafana instances, administrators must enable it manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For self-managed Grafana instances, administrators must enable it manually.
```

If the sidebar hasn't fully loaded, links are queued and opened when ready.

**Keyboard modifiers:**

You can override link interception using keyboard modifiers:

- Hold **Ctrl** (Windows/Linux) or **Cmd** (Mac) while clicking to open links in a new tab instead.
- Middle-click also opens links in a new tab.

### Open panel on launch

You can configure Interactive learning to automatically open when users first load Grafana.

{{< admonition type="warning" >}}
This is an experimental feature.
{{< /admonition >}}

**To enable auto-open:**

1. Navigate to the **Open Panel on Launch** section in the configuration page.
2. Toggle **Automatically open Interactive learning panel when Grafana loads** to enable the feature.
3. Click **Save configuration**.

The sidebar opens when Grafana loads for the first time in a browser session.
It won't reopen on subsequent page navigations within Grafana.
The panel resets to auto-open behavior when you refresh the page or start a new browser session.

### Interactive tutorial features

Interactive tutorials include auto-completion detection and timing parameters that control how tutorials behave.

#### Auto-completion detection (Experimental)

> Auto-completion detection automatically marks tutorial steps as complete when users perform actions themselves without clicking "Do it" buttons.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Auto-completion detection automatically marks tutorial steps as complete when users perform actions themselves without clicking **Do it** buttons.
```
